BioPhysician (#6099)
Aurorastation/Aurora.3: config/example/tips.txt

As a Medical Doctor, you can surgically implant or extract things from people's chests. This can range from putting in a bomb to pulling out an alien larva.
As a Medical Doctor, you must target the correct limb and be on help intent when trying to perform surgery on someone.
As a Chemist, there are dozens of chemicals that can heal, and even more that can cause harm. Experiment!

> As the Bio-Chemist, you only require small amounts of vaccine to heal a sick patient. Use your chemistry access to distribute your cures more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the Biochemist, you only require small amounts of vaccine to heal a sick patient. Use your chemistry access to distribute your cures more efficiently.
```
